fix: Disable 8081 (metrics) for 2xx (#794)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: docs/modules/nifi/pages/troubleshooting/index.adoc

== `HTTP ERROR 400 Invalid SNI`

> === Local PORT-FORWARD

Reviewer: Can we put this below the `=== NGINX ingress-controller` one? I think this is less important.

Author: removed

> Since NiFi requires a valid SNI (Server Name Indication), we need to configure the nifi property
> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since NiFi requires a valid SNI (Server Name Indication), for local testing you need to configure the NiFi property:
[source,yaml]
```

----
    configOverrides:
      nifi.properties:
        nifi.web.https.network.interface.lo: "lo"
----

and change `/etc/hosts` by adding e.g. from NiFi xref:getting_started/index.adoc[getting started]

[source,text]
----
127.0.0.1       simple-nifi-node-default-0.simple-nifi-node-default.default.svc.cluster.local
----

> from here you should be able to access your local Nifi instance from `https://127.0.0.1:8443`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from here you should be able to access your local NiFi instance via `https://127.0.0.1:8443`
```

> WARNING: Although this should add to existing binds, testing revealed it is not. Hence cluster internal communication won't work at this point.

Author: removed.
